civil protest yesterday in favara of six
households that for various
vicissitudes occupy for a few months
illegally as many lodgings
popular in the flat district of the peri la
condition of economic hardship in which
they poured them into mbor cesar yes
of the apartments already assigned but not
inhabited of the building b of piazza don
trees are different stories than those
they mark each of the occupants
situations, however, that all gravitate to
around the need to have a roof
under which live some of them
many young people had a house
but the precarious conditions of the buildings
they forced them to abandon them
the houses where I lived before were not
drinkable and I went to the mayor
to give me help but he had
the stubborn head gave me none
help and I'm talking about why this
home was rightly rejected and me
I live there now and it doesn't seem right
that throws me out with kids like
I already have children with her and my sister has children
one he has 12 she he has two she
it has 2
in short, we get screwed because we have
need you thinking that if we had
a salary where we could rent
a house we stayed here I think no
families to which he was ordered to
leave the apartments within 30
days do not accept the fact that
ranking apart from needy people
they have no right to a home in the
almost all of the families
there are some small children some of the
what sick split thing is alone
nice but a destination that my vote
son and my wife I was mayor log
do you want to do covolo say dc
important as chains of voting cases is
always sick in my caere casoni
children would seem to slam him wait
he was expecting it and I just hope to do this
life I did I came later
two months ago for a while we were a
since the houses were empty, I am
took advantage that the mayor still
he had given the others that they were from the tower
I was not the author but I had not
home having no money having no money
take advantage of this when your children a
she this second when reported c in
square of trees currently of 56
six other accommodations would not turn out
inhabited you talked about people who have
renounced the apartment yes there are
There have been many people who have refused
then the apartments that will come
said the mouths you know the keys are
were withdrawn and delivered new
theme song
after that we saw that later
four months did not deliver
keys to those on the list
we are almost without entering el
today it means that nobody was there
after us and after that others don't
you are the first thing but we don't have it
chance we have nothing first or last
which of it was abusive six months e
that of creative silk to everyone
abusive all the mayor of Agrigento
what arrives children did them
petrangeli can do something about this
which ones do you want to do nothing then you
you would be willing to leave the lodgings
in exchange for a rent contribution no no
not even my doubt of attribute
I don't even explain why I explain it
because I don't
you say why you don't know it gives you a
contribution because even if I pay myself a
year of rental one year's rent expires
and the other money who deserves to pay
the apartment that long but the times that
we now hangs from a white not us
it will easily be the presence of the
abusive tenants do not worry the
other assignees who even line up
in favor of the same to a few people
like me, the house has given us 15 is
been assigned
I speak for and these people
because outside I can people
we can think that they are
bad people and that this is a
container where all of the whole scum
of favara so come I feel good
with these people because they did it
what they did I did not do for
malanje the age to feel experts have
done because they have a need there are
fathers and mothers of families who have two
three children and they don't even make it to
eat so I think and believe the
mayor must understand what favara needs
other like hulls belgium countries so can
walk like water that sends and everything
the rest that is not to worry about these
people but try to help them
favara from 23 January 2010, the condition
housing of many families in the center
historical has changed into a real one
emergency
to this we must add the crisis
occupational desperation of those
people still hoping for a future
better at least for their children than for
today they play freely in the spaces they
in a civil society
they all deserve